NOTES
This recipe is quite intensive and involved, but some of the steps can be done beforehand.
Both the cake and jelly need to be frozen before you can use them, so they can be made ahead of time.
Once assembled, the mousse cake also needs to be frozen before it can be glazed, so this step can be done days ahead as well.
The mirror glaze will keep in the fridge for a week, so it can also be made ahead of time. You can choose to refrigerate it before or after it's coloured, it doesn't matter. You will just need to re-melt it in the microwave and leave to cool to the right temp before using it.
Make sure you read the two assembly sections before you start assembling the cake!

EQUIPMENT NEEDED
For the mousse cake:
8 inch round cake tin
8 inch round silicone cake dish
9 inch silicone cake dish
9 inch cake board
For the mirror glaze:
Accurate instant-read thermometer
Large ramekin or small shallow bowl
Baking tray much larger than the cake
Turntable or lazy susan (optional)
Two small damp cloths
Offset spatula (optional, only needed if you want to smooth and blend colours)
Large mug of boiling hot water (optional, only needed if using the spatula)
For the chocolate cake:
Any 3-4cm thick, round 8 inch chocolate cake will do. I add raspberries to my cake mixture before I bake it, just to give the overall cake some more raspberry flavor.
Wrap in cling wrap, then freeze for 6-8 hours, overnight or until cake is frozen solid

INSTRUCTIONS
For the Jelly Centre:
1 pkt Raspberry Jelly
1 1/4C Boiling Water
1/4C Frozen Raspberries
1. Mix jelly into boiling water until fully combined.
2. Pour into 8 inch silicone dish and set aside until cooled.
3. Once jelly starts to set, place raspberries evenly.
4. Cover dish and transfer to the freezer for 6-8 hours or overnight or until jelly is frozen solid.

For the Choc Raspberry Mousse:
250g Good Quality Dark Chocolate (50% or more)
1 1/2C Cream
1/4C Raspberries (defrosted from frozen is fine)
1/4C Raspberry Juice (optional - collected from thawing frozen raspberries)
2t Powdered Gelatine
2T cold water
1. In a large bowl, add all chocolate and 3/4C cream. Microwave in 30 sec increments until fully combined and smooth.
2. Whisk gelatine and cold water to combine. Set aside.
3. If using raspberry juice, add to chocolate mixture now and stir until combined. Set aside until cooled to room temp.
4. Microwave gelatine mix for 15 secs and whisk into chocolate mixture.
5. Whip remaining cream to stiff peak stage and mix half into chocolate mixture.
6. Gently fold remaining cream into choc mixture until thoroughly combined.

Pre-assembly:
1. Remove jelly and frozen cake from freezer.
2. Pour 1/4 choc mix into large silicone dish and place frozen jelly on top.
3. Pour just enough choc mousse mix into silicone dish to cover jelly.
4. Place frozen chocolate cake on top and use remaining choc mousse to fill in the sides.
5. Push raspberries into the sides of the mousse, around the outside of the cake.
6. Put cake board on top and return to the freezer for 4-8 hours or overnight, until frozen solid.

For the Mirror Glaze:
300g White Sugar
200g Condensed Milk
1/2 C + 1T Water
2T Gelatine
1/2 C Water
2 C White Choc Chips
Gel food colouring
1. Combine 1, 2 and 3 into a medium saucepan, over a medium-low heat, stir occasionally.
2. Combine 4 and 5, stir until combined and set aside to swell for 5 mins.
3. Remove saucepan from heat when it starts to simmer, add gelatine mix and stir until dissolved.
4. Put white choc chips into large bowl and pour sugar/gelatine mix over the top.
5. Leave to melt for 5 mins, then whisk until fully combined.
6. Split glaze into different containers (if using more than one colour), add gel colouring and stir until well mixed.

ASSEMBLY
1. Once your glaze has cooled to 37 degrees celsius, it is ready to pour.
2. If you have a turntable, put it inside your baking tray and put the ramekin (or bowl) on top. If not, then just put the ramekin into the baking tray. The baking tray will catch all of the overflow from your mirror glaze, which you can scrape out and use again later if you want to.
3. Remove the mousse cake from freezer and peel away the silicone dish, it should be frozen solid and very smooth.
4. Put the cake on top of the ramekin.
5. You might want to put a small damp cloth between the turntable and ramekin and another between the ramekin and cake. These will keep everything stable and stop it all from sliding around.
6. If you're using one, put your offset spatula into the mug of hot water to heat up while you work.
7. Once your cake is set up, you can pour your glaze over the top in whatever pattern you like.
8. If you want to smooth and blend your colours after pouring, dry off the offset spatula and use it while it's hot.
9. You have couple of minutes to play with the pattern on your cake before the glaze becomes too firm to work with.
10. Let the cake defrost before serving. Can be served chilled or at room temperature. Serves up to 20