Difficulty: Medium
Prep Time: 30 minutes
Cooking Time: 30 minutes
Serves 12-16

INGEDIENTS
For the cake:
3 cups cake flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 tablespoons cocoa powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 cups sugar
1 cup flavourless oil
4 large eggs, room temperature and separated
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon white vinegar
2 tablespoons liquid red food coloring
1 cup buttermilk
For the frosting:
2 blocks cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup butter, softened
4 1/2 cups icing sugar
1 tablespoon cream or milk
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
pinch of salt, to taste

METHOD
1. Preheat oven to 180 degrees celsius
2. Grease and line two 25cm cake pans, then grease the baking paper
For the cake:
3. Whisk the flour, baking soda, cocoa powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Set aside
4. Using a handheld or stand mixer, beat the butter and sugar together on medium-high speed until combined. Scrape down the sides and up the bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula as needed
5. Add the oil, egg yolks, vanilla extract, and vinegar and beat on high for 2 minutes. Set the egg whites aside. Scrape down the sides and up the bottom of the bowl
6. With the mixer on low speed, add half of the dry ingredients
7. Add he rest of the ingredients as well as the liquid food coloring and beat until just combined
8. Vigorously whisk or beat the 4 egg whites on high speed until fluffy peaks form as pictured above, about 3 minutes. Gently fold into cake batter. The batter will be silky and slightly thick
9. Divide batter between cake pans. Bake for 30-32 minutes or until the tops of the cakes spring back when gently touched and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. If the cakes need a little longer as determined by wet crumbs on the toothpick, bake for longer. However, careful not to overbake as the cakes may dry out. Remove cakes from the oven and cool completely in the pans set on a wire rack. The cakes must be completely cool before frosting and assembling.
For the frosting:
10. In a large bowl using a handheld or stand mixer fitted with a whisk or paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and butter together on medium-high speed until smooth, about 2 minutes
11. Add the icing sugar, cream or milk, vanilla extract and a pinch of salt. Beat on low speed for 30 seconds, then increase to high speed and beat for 3 minutes until completely combined and creamy
Assembly:
12. Place 1 cake layer on your cake stand or serving plate. Evenly cover the top with frosting. Top with 2nd layer and spread remaining frosting all over the top and sides. I always use an icing spatula and bench scraper for the frosting.
13. Refrigerate cake for at least 30-60 minutes before slicing. This helps the cake hold its shape when cutting.